lib/wiki/PROBLEMS.md, before:

# Settings Page Expanded Widgets Problem

## Problem
The problem is in the settings page.  
When I ran it in Windows or Chrome mode, it's fine,  
but in mobile, the settings page is not expanding as it should,  
and I get an overflow problem.

## Ideas on How to Fix
1. Try looking up online for this problem and how to solve it.
2. Look for a widget that can only contain within the screen  
   and wrap it around the Expanded widget.  
3. Final resort: Use Copilot.

## Problem Workflow
1. create a new branch of the settings branch               / done (took 12 seconds)

2. fix the problem where you dont even see it               / done (took 38 minutes)
   - used the Flexable widget and add a collapse button

3. fix the open tiles overflow problem                      / done (took 10 minutes)
   - i just used ListView widget to make it scollable

4. use `git add <changes>` adn then commit and sync changes / done (took 1 minute)

5. merge to settings branch                                 / done (took 2 minutes)

## Total Solve Time
51 minutes

Commit message:

🔧 Update addTask method to streamline task creation; ensure state reload after adding a task.

lib/wiki/PROBLEMS.md, after:

# Tasks adding dosent re-build problem

## Problem
When i make a new task and click on the add button
it dosent re-built the BLoC, but when i delete it does
 
## Ideas on How to Fix
1. Find how the delete re-builds and try to mimic that to the add and update

## Problem Workflow
1. 




# Settings Page Expanded Widgets Problem

## Problem
The problem is in the settings page.  
When I ran it in Windows or Chrome mode, it's fine,  
but in mobile, the settings page is not expanding as it should,  
and I get an overflow problem.

## Ideas on How to Fix
1. Try looking up online for this problem and how to solve it.
2. Look for a widget that can only contain within the screen  
   and wrap it around the Expanded widget.  
3. Final resort: Use Copilot.

## Problem Workflow
1. create a new branch of the settings branch               / done (took 12 seconds)

2. fix the problem where you dont even see it               / done (took 38 minutes)
   - used the Flexable widget and add a collapse button

3. fix the open tiles overflow problem                      / done (took 10 minutes)
   - i just used ListView widget to make it scollable

4. use `git add <changes>` adn then commit and sync changes / done (took 1 minute)

5. merge to settings branch                                 / done (took 2 minutes)

## Total Solve Time
51 minutes
